# How to take this course

Welcome to "how to take this course". This is a short yet important lecture!

Throughout the course, I would always recommend you code along with me. Programming is the best way to make sure everything sticks!

We've written an e-book to go along with this course. I recommend you use it as a text aid while going through the course, and also as a reference when you finish the course. Access the e-book here: https://rest-apis-flask.teclado.com/ and the course code repository here: https://github.com/tecladocode/rest-apis-flask-python

New to Python?
Remember if you are completely new to programming, this course may be a bit too advanced. If you are completely new to Python but you've programmed before, you should be fine!

If you are new to Python but you've programmed before, our Python e-book and the Python Refresher section will help you. We've written this to guide you through fundamental Python concepts while instilling best practices. Here's a link to it: https://python.tecladocode.com

Not new to Python?
If you are very familiar with Python, you may be able to skip the Python Refresher section, which will save you a bit of time! Take a look at each of the lecture titles, and decide whether it's something worth reviewing for you.

Remember you can always speed through the videos at 2x speed to see if there's anything you didn't know about!

Kind regards,

Jose

P.S. Join the live chat to get even faster answers to questions and talk with other course students: https://discord.gg/78Nvd3p. Request an invite and you'll be in the chat in just a few minutes!
